[Music]
son yet you're inspiring me to do for
the to push in dead of electric
skateboarding instead of elections about
how to real keyboard yet this has been
my cruiser for so long hear that you
hear that
sirens I am home back in so till the Sun
got extremely cold and extremely windy
what
[Music]
really
No
there gets hit by a FedEx truck your
goal is to survive then whoa girl baby
come on Oh God
okay okay yeah what I think you yeah and
it's like low enough swear whoa yeah
oh you know that's precisely what I'm
talking about yeah dog yeah so if you
didn't know John is a very good
skateboarder want more of that you gotta
go resist Channel we're chilling outside
about to pick up some Thai food and
bring upstairs cuz you a PG live
livestream of showing how I vlog my
editing and shooting process I am
currently choosing seats for a movie
after all of that basically tonight is
going to be turned so it's the next day
we saw wall and it was my fifth time to
see that I should probably start making
my way down the list of the other Oscar
nominations I think seeing a movie five
times in the theater is enough I've been
mentioning this thing peachy life for
the past couple of weeks they are the
created live streams that I have been
doing after another failed attempt last
night my software just get crashing
and after two to three hours of just
setting it up and la what is it isn't a
very frustrating process
PG life started as something that I
wanted to be able to incorporate my
other creative friends leverage their
talents you'll get them to share all of
their knowledge with you guys and also
share my own process and last night I
realized what stopped New York and
laughs as I was trying to do my stream i
realized you it i could just make a
video about this last ring me as cool
and sexy and everyone is pushing it
right now but the frustration that i
have been going through the past couple
weeks of just sorting them out it is not
worth it for the time
be I'm sitting in front of you as a
failure and then let me address one
other thing that I think freak you guys
out just well that after the failed
livestream I was so frustrated I was so
emotionally just like ah Internet I quit
bye and so I posted a video for about
like 20 minutes it only got like 2000
years before I took Midtown and it was
just me expressing my frustration with
live-streaming and the the failure that
you know I put so much work into but
without even thinking about it I titled
it something like so frustrated it's
over and then immediately people like oh
my gosh you've broken up ah entering it
go crazy and I saw like this huge thread
on one of John's videos talking about oh
yeah man the video was titled it's over
and then she took it down oh my gosh can
you see me oh yes yeah boy I'm I totally
did so ok let me just clarify something
the boy you wanna come say hi down to
the BP hey what's up with blood yeah
probably what's over is pichi pichi
lives not not the boy no no I would not
gara gara no Jarrod Jarrod Jarrod is
here come at used to this like the
internet having opinions on relationship
right right yeah yeah you're gonna
careful with your title
okay how many negatives you'd be like oh
my gosh freak out it's over very
exciting news I have packages that I
need to show you guys can you just show
you guys so I have three packages I
think I need your help to unbox wanna
know oh you know
you know what could be yours our decided
is perfect timing because you were his
no and what is this what is this John
this is a package from blue tiles gate
shop and I think it is a complete
keyboard ah
so what who-who is blue tile
who Johnny hub in the station that I
actually ride for my first sponsor ever
from South Carolina my people what does
it mean to be concert they probably
don't know it's skateboarding it's
basically you you wear the product you
use a product to showcase they want to
give you free stuff or pay you
yeah they study a sponsor with anything
else yeah and this is for your original
hood stop share a lot about my original
hood and the students in fact just
happens to love Sarah DC's videos look
at these bad oh dear Sarah so many good
luck with all the kick flip and mixed
twist I know you got it all the best
love gluto oh I'm gonna be doing all the
kicks any drew a picture of you oh there
always needs more dad huh
I don't know how oh yeah oh my gosh
it'll match my eyes if you want
different opinions some people say my
eyes are blue but they're actually green
when I wear blue a light blue I'm never
even look that's really hot colors I
love this so much
oh my god and it's like the white mule I
know good luck oh my gosh never going to
break our bones but my fact I spend like
cruising and pushing for a while but
it's just been with the board that you
saw earlier the glue word which is a
great pocket cruiser
well bit easier to ride them penny board
this is my first property perfect all we
grow is tre flips everything what could
this be
do you think it's probably on Twitter
you know for months and months and
months and months I've been and as
little pick holes trying to figure out
what monitors to buy for my computer ace
how does go set up with 24 inch
Mac cinnamon slaves that I plug my
laptop in
I had the two displays I am a happy
person so me you were like I just gives
like a huge curved display cool I love
the separation of two displays
I love having two things going on at the
same time where there's Simon premiere
or like I have emails or Spotify always
on you know the sake of line I checked
out the lg monitors but you know I have
an older mattress right now I'll
probably upgrade sometime in the near
future but they were going to work with
the MacBook the 2012 MacBook Pro Retina
I have right now and so man I just I
just went with my heart look what I top
no not the peanut oh my god is going to
be so beautiful gonna be so great some
serious content creation is going to be
going down on these official desk tour
coming April year 2019 we need to
actually go test out the new skateboard
[Music]
I just need some fresh air and old
friends i'm sokka so we started talking
again he'll turn up the radio I love
this song remember when we used to stay
up all night long after we gonna have a
mom the restaurant is 2,000 pounds we
stick on the highway we can have all
night absolutely hi me hi are you the
bathroom I know I have no family
oh oh no I guess you are on another one
of our famous oh my goodness those
cookies were delicious
it was pretty cold outside so having
warm cookies in my belly's helps me be
at peace and I just want to say thank
you to blue tiles for sending that rad
skateboards with feeling good it's so
good to push I am a added electric
skateboarder that is such a good way to
get around the city in New York City
it's the fastest way but it's so fun to
push I feel determined to get good to
get very good at skateboarding
I wonder why thank you for tuning in and
if you're still confused like peachy why
is that not a thing anymore I'm going to
try to do live streams here and there
but I have just decided I just want to
give you guys what you've been asking
for when I have my Monday Wednesday
Friday upload schedule you know y'all
y'all enjoyed it but you still wanted
more videos and PG live live streams
were a way that I was like you know this
is going to be easier the thing that I
wanted to do with TG life the more
creative focused things that were
inspirational but somewhat
more educational in terms of how to when
it comes to video and photo I'm still
going to do that but I'm just going to
do it in video form so you guys I'm
going to suck it up and I'm going to try
to do the Monday through Friday again so
this is wrong too
of changes hopefully I don't fail at
this as much as Peachy live but we did
it we tried it together and you know
some things just don't work out
sometimes okay for being along with me
on the journey
everyone's links are down in description
below john blue tile and anything else
that happened in this vlog let me know
if you like this video hit the subscribe
button if you have not yet I will see
you in the next one safety g-guys okay
okay I got my hand
Billy OH